### Commercial Intelligent Mirrors
1. In 2003 Phillips unveiled their Mirror TV that was built using the same principle as that of smart mirrors. Their product was a normal TV that was put behind a two way mirror so that the TV would appear as a mirror when turned off and as a TV when turned on. They also had a option to have the mirror be larger than the TV.

2. James Law Cybertecture developed a commercially sold smart mirror in 2011. This mirror is more in line with the smart mirror we’ve come to know today. The product consists of a 32" LCD-display covered by a 37" two way mirror. The display can show weather forecasts, stream internet TV, the current time and various widgets. The smart mirror has numerous input methods such as remote controller, smartphone app and onscreen virtual keyboard.

3. In 2016 Microsoft released details on the smart mirror they have been working on. Their intention does not seem to be to create a commercial smart mirror to sell to consumers, but rather they unveiled all the details on how to build one and made all the code publicly available at a github repository. Rather than selling a finished product consumer have the option to assemble their own mirror as a do-it-yourself project, without needing to do any explicit coding. However a certain knowledge of computers and technology is obviously needed to assemble the mirror. The interface can show such things as the weather, time and date, stocks, and traffic. It also supports facial recognition and will load customized interface profiles custom to each user.
